yeah once you cut okay walk it
hello guys it's a pie Cooper here and
today we corner boxing this it it's just
keyboard it's for Windows Apple and
Android you're going to take tape off
we're careful we don't want to break it
if it doesn't work if you want to put it
back this door oh hey say you know I
don't need a pity we have you pull this
out and you okay so I'm gonna parks it
so there is nothing wake it so here's a
keyboard it's big oh it's very free thin
that's so this is the keyboard it's it's
small you need to triple-a batteries to
try to charge them yeah they break you
this is embarrassing moment all right
two of them UCSD it switch the LED
lights on so it means a mister keyboard
is a way to use in my opinion so this is
like switch to something it shows it's
on I think I think that's it there
I think we have to do is to connect to a
computer or our bow so we're gonna test
it on the best French PC okay so here we
okay so we're connected PC Mac then we
have every Google so you're going to go
and test the keyboard so it's a thank
good right
that's a type-a one youtuber named my
favorite with my best man so so it works
so that's it so it works really good
it works very nice so we can if you like
this video to make sure you make that
one like equals one deaf so that is
going to be it to stick tabs and put too
much depths and you just put this on so
that's the boxing video and forgive me
depression I want to kill myself
and so this is a boxing video original
video peace out and Deb and hope you die